30/12/20 13:32 - Octavian Duma: https://www.billboard.com/articles/news/awards/9489555/jacob-collier-5-things-to-know-2021-grammys
31/12/20 0:26 - Gala: Proof of the theorem "The rate of metabolism can be altered". By Gala.

1.Metabolism is the set of biochemical (therefore, chemical) reactions in organisms (conversion of food to energy, building of  tissues, elimination of metabolic wastes), being catabolic – the breaking down of compounds, releasing energy and anabolic – the synthesis of compounds, consuming energy.
2. The rate of any chemical reaction can be altered.
3. Its rate can be altered by a series of external factors, such as: concentration of the substance (different food, given the same specific mass), catalysts (ferments, enzymes), reaction order (in what order we do ingest a food), temperature (of the ingested food mostly), and few more.
4. It is proved that the same person with a constant weight at 40 has a slower metabolism than at 20 (the metabolic process, given the same initial parameters, takes  more time)
5. Therefore, the metabolism rate can be altered
6. Proof me wrong!
7. LOVE YOU
31/12/20 6:38 - Octavian Duma: You are wrong and right at the same time:
Point 1 you are right
Point 2 completely wrong: 
"People do differ in their metabolic rate, but if you look at people's metabolism per unit or per kilogram of lean mass, then actually, metabolic rate in those terms is remarkably constant across the population," said Dr. Thomas Barber, an associate professor and honorary consultant endocrinologist at the University of Warwick and University Hospitals Coventry and Warwickshire in England.

"All of the lean tissue in the body — everything that is not fat — is where most of the metabolism occurs," Barber told Live Science. (Lean mass doesn't include just muscles but also organs such as the liver, kidneys and brain.) So if you zero in on people's metabolic rate in their "lean mass, people are fairly similar across the board."
Why consider only the L:ean Tissue? Because the fat tissue has always the same metabolism of Zero.
So it is even more it is not the same for one person but the same for all the persons in the world.
Point 3: Wrong, proven by the point above 
Point 4: You're right but the reason is the calculation based on the total mass of a person and as I said the fat tissue has zero contribution to the metabolic reaction so the higher the percentage of the fat tissue in the body of a person the slower the rate calculated for Metabolism based on the total body mass.
Point 5: Therefor the metabolism rate cannot be altered but the perception due to calculation of the MBR based on the total mass of the body can be changed.